= posterboard

Ruby API for reading posts from Posterous accounts.

== How To
Install the gem
  [sudo] gem install posterboard

Create a connection
  connection = Posterboard::Connection.new('turkey2000', 'g0bbl3g0bbl3')

Get posts by site name
  posts = connection.turkey_blog

Get the posts' data...
  posts.each do |post|
    title = post.title
    body = post.body
    date = post.date
  end
  
...and do your thing!

== Future features
* Posts by tag.
* Posts by Date range?
* Command line tools for retrieving API token and site id. Library interfaces accepting these constants so they are not looked up on each request.

== Note
Since I am personally using this library to retrieve posts and display them on another site, I do not have any immediate plans to support posting to an account. I plan on using Posterous' email API to do that. Someone is welcome to fork and add that feature.

== Contributing to posterboard
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Waylon Calabrese. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

